Set in the year 2101. Many major advancements in science and technology have allowed for a truly futuristic society, all of the past ideas people had about the future have come true, flying cars, teleportation, and some major advancements in time travel. However the two major advancements have allowed for the reversal of the climate change that ravaged the past, tech has allowed for zero carbon emissions from all major companies. The other major advancement has been the true advancement of medicine, with a cure for all types of cancer and even cures for Sexually transmitted diseases once believed to be untreatable, however with these incredible advancements in medicine come some not so incredible after effects. A drug called Sanguine was discovered as an after effect of the development of the AIDS cure, Sanguine is known to give the user an all time high better than any hard drug on the market, its side effects however are extremely dangerous, aside from being highly addictive it is also known to cause a complete shift in personality. People have become very aggressive . One gang has been leading the distribution of this drug The Ivory Death Band. The only known distribution center is situated in the old warehouse district that has sat dormant since 2070. 
 awakens in the harbor of the warehouse district on a small dinghy. Cold and wet you stand up and look around. The harbor is empty save for a few fishing boats and one medium size cargo ship. A long set of zig zagging stairs leads over a small hill. A man in a booth near the stairs beckons you to come over. (You can talk to the Man or head up the stairs) HINT: Throughout the story use the commands "move to " followed by a number. The choices in the story are in numerical order, so use 1 or 2 depending on choice. Use the command "help" to learn more...
The Man tells you about the Death Band and how you are currently in their territory. He points to the lone cargo ship telling you that is where the Death Band heads their distribution. The Man doesn't seem right while you are talking to him. (You can now "move back" and head up the stairs)
When you head up the stairs a sprawling expanse of warehouse and storage units lie in front of you from this spot you can head to the “Store All” facility to the left or the decrepit looking warehouse to the right
Within the facility you see 3 units that seem to have been left untouched by looters. Unit 33, Unit 38 and Unit 39. Within Unit 33 Has nothing but a stained mattress and a lamp Within Unit 38 you find a key with a faded number all you can make out is a 9. The next Unit,  Unit 39 (use move to 1 to enter unit 39), is locked (HINT: YOU NEED A KEY). Within the unit you find a Death Band Holoscanner (This allows access to the warehouse) You can now go back to the previous decision 
You open up unit 39 with the faded key you found. The door squaks as you lift it up slowly. The unit is practically empty , a stained mattress acompanied by a small nightstand. Sitting on the mattress looking out of place is something that appears to be a watch of some kind but it doesnt seem right. You grab it and a screen on it lights up. A 3-d image of an odd looking symbol emanates from the top. You might want to pickup this object. (use "pickup holoscanner")
You enter into a long hallway that is surprisingly clean, however a distinct smell lingers. There are two single doors and one large double door at the end of the hallway. You hear talking and laughing emanating from the double doors so you decide that isn't the best place to go this leaves you with the choice of ( the left or right door) 
You enter through the left door and the smell is much stronger in this room. You look around and notice needles and vials littering the floor and furniture. You notice a desk in the corner also covered in vials, however the desk drawer appears to be open. Within the desk drawer an elegant watch sits in a box you examine it and find an inscription on the bottom that reads "TT Proto 2" you decide to take it and examine it later. You may now go to the dock (move to 1).
Inside of the right room the smell is faint but a new smell is much more pungent, the smell of explosives, this room is surprisingly clean and is filled with ornate vintage furniture. In the corner an out of place metal cabinet is open, inside a plethora of explosives are sitting covered in dust, you can take the explosives. You may now to the dock. (move to 1)
You walk down the stairs, the desolate dock sprawled out in front of you, you see the dinghy you arrived in, you see the few fishing boats slowly bowing up and down with each wave. You then turn your attention to the cargo ship, after examining it you begin to notice the rust covering the sides, you notice many weak points that could cripple the ship if you had the explosives. You have a choice to go to the booth or go to the cargo ship (you may move back to find the explosives)
You go to the booth and peer through the window and see the mess inside, the furniture has been trashed scratches line the walls and an empty vial sits on the window seal. You are left with the choice to go to the cargo ship (move to 1)
You make your way to the cargo ship, walking down a gravel path. You soon are in the shadow of a massive cargo ship named "The Freightliner". A few hundred feet away from the cargo ship you see a small dinghy waiting. You have the option to plant explosives on the cargo ship, or leave on the dinghy.
You approach the ship and as you get closer you begin to notice all of the faulty weak spots that cover the sides of "The Freightliner". It takes quite some time as you set each explosive charge. The dock feels eerily quiet as the only noises you hear are from the occasional chatter from inside the ship. You reach into your bag and find its empty. As you palm the detonator in your left hand you realize it is too late to go back.You sprint away and cower behind the small building. You take a deep breath and push the button. *BOOM You detonate the ship crippling the Death band supply line solving the world issue. QUEST COMPLETE
As you travel down the stairs with the explosives within your bag. You begin to question if this is the right choice, their may be innocents on the ship. As you take each step down the stairs you slowly come to the conclusion that you cant go through with this. You take one last good look at the cargo ship as you board the dinghy and slowly row towards the light in the distance.Your dinghy is sucked into the wormhole but with a bright flash the explosives within your bag detonate simultaneously. QUEST INCOMPLETE
To move forward enter "move to" space then answer to where you want to go using number values. Everything is in order, if you want to go to the first choice enter the value of 1 or the second place enter the value of 2 and so on. An example of this would be - "move to 1". To move back simply enter "move back". To pick up enter "pickup" then what you want to pick up. An example of picking up an object would be - "pickup dagger". These various items will be saved for later.