In the early 1900s, during a time of great uncertainty and turmoil, you unexpectedly find yourself transported through a mysterious wormhole, emerging in the year 1939 amidst the harrowing backdrop of Germany's invasion of Poland. The once-thriving town you find yourself in now lies under the suffocating grip of the Nazi regime, occupied by ruthless soldiers who show no mercy to those they consider enemies. Trapped within a town held captive by the Nazis, your only chance for survival lies in a daring escape before they carry out their merciless intentions of annihilating the remaining prisoners. 
You awake in a dark room with a roaring fire being the only source of light. The sound of water pouring outside. You are given the next set of choices. Your two choices are to look around the room, or try and open the door. HINT: Throughout the story use the commands "move to " followed by a number. The choices in the story are in numerical order, so use 1 or 2 depending on choice. Use the command "help" to learn more...
The room has two chairs and a large couch, the ceiling dripping water from the roof into a bucket, only one window too high to reach and a dresser. You are given the next set of choices. You may take chair-and move to window, or check the dresser.
You twist the doorknob with no results.
You pick up the the chair and move it to the window making it reachable and finding out you are able to fit through (move to 1)
The dresser has a steak knife inside (pickup steak knife). You may now move back
You crawl out of the window in the process you cut yourself on the glass. You land in an alleyway with trucks and yells all around you. After you exit you notice a large cloth sheet hung up in between the alley. After you exit you are given two choices, to move out of the ally, or rip the cloth and bandage yourself.
If you try to move out of the alley before you bandage yourself you will pass out and be found by the Nazis. you begin to move to the end of the alley pushing through the sharp pain. As you make it to the end the light fades and you pass out. (GAME OVER - QUEST INCOMPLETE)
You reach up and grab the cloth. You rip it and make a makeshift bandage for your wound stopping the bleeding.“you move out of the alley and hide behind a large box. In the streets you notice a guard in front of you and a truck with women and children being held prisoner inside. (If you do not kill the guard he will see you and capture you) You are given the next set of choices. You can either kill the guard, or attempt to move to the truck.
You take the steak knife and attack the guard. He grunts but has no fight in him after you pull him back to be unseen. You may now move to the truck unseen. (move to 1)
As you desperately make a mad dash for the waiting truck, hope flickering in your heart, a sudden, sharp crack shatters the air. The guard's piercing gaze locks onto you, and in that terrifying instant, a searing pain rips through your body as the gunshot finds its mark. Your world spins into chaos, your vision blurring with excruciating agony as you stumble backwards, tasting the bitter tang of defeat. The guard, a conflicted expression on his face, stands motionless, the weight of his actions hanging heavy in the air. GAME OVER
You make a move for the truck without anyone seeing you. You enter the truck and drive off with the prisoners to safety. After the prisoners thank you and a wormhole appears ending the game. QUEST COMPLETE
To move forward enter "move to" space then answer to where you want to go using number values. Everything is in order, if you want to go to the first choice enter the value of 1 or the second place enter the value of 2 and so on. An example of this would be - "move to 1". To move back simply enter "move back". To pick up enter "pickup" then what you want to pick up. An example of picking up an object would be - "pickup dagger". These various items will be saved for later.
