The monarch of this setting has recently enacted laws heavily affecting the lower class, leading to famine and death. Many in the lower class have gone mad, they are plotting a massacre that will overthrow the monarchy in a brutal bloodbath during the king's annual speech.  Your character can choose to help overthrow the monarchy or you can choose to speak to the king about the plans and spoil the rebellion. Or if you obtain the item hidden in the cellar you may assassinate the king yourself. Once you solve the conflict you will be transported back to the central hub. 
 emerges from the wormholes in a dark alley inhabited only by rats and a lone man asleep on a stoop. You have two options, speak to the man, or leave the alley. HINT: Throughout the story use the commands "move to " followed by a number. The choices in the story are in numerical order, so use 1 or 2 depending on choice. Use the command "help" to learn more...
You Approach the Man, he slowly lifts his head and groggily acknowledges your presence. He then asks you if you have been here before, he doesnt recognize you. The man senses your confusion, so he gives you some insight. "You are in Umberworth capital, 1846. This year has not been kind to us, our king need not care about us poor folk. We have been raided, starved and ravaged by diseases. My family is gone and I have nothing left. I hear there is a resistance brewing but there is no way they can topple the king. It is preposterous." The man concludes his conversation and immediatley falls back asleep
When you leave the alley you emerge onto a street with only a few people around. You can tell the street was once a market as you notice several booths empty, only one is occupied by a shopkeeper. You have only one option which is to interact with the shopkeeper... Enter help for help menu
The shopkeeper has a few items available, only one you can take. The items are moldy bread, rotten fruit, and the only item you are able to take is the key to the cellar. This leaves you with 3 choices, take the key, go left towards the only source of light emanating from what appears to be a tavern, or go right towards a grand staircase leading to the castle . Enter help for help menu
You approach the source of the light, it is a tavern with a sign hanging out front. The sign reads “The Kings Head”. You have 2 options from this point, you may enter the tavern or you can investigate the side alley. Hint: If you investigate the side alley and may find an important item that could lead to a secret ending.
You go towards the grand staircase leading to the castle but a guard tells you to go back where you came from or he will beat you. Once you exit you are again presented with the choice to go back or to enter the tavern.
You enter the tavern and are immediatley comforted by the smell of wine and bread. Looking around the tavern you see only a few people sitting in booths, staring off into nothing. In the corner one man looks slightly more lively as he is studying what looks like a map. You approach the man and see that the map is of Umberworth. You ask him about it and he tells you it is a plan to assasinate the king during his semi annual banquet. You can sense the pure anger in is voice as he gives you the details for the plan. You can now choose to either assist him or leave.
You peer around the corner of the tavern and notice an alley on the side, a few barrels sit dormant and the smell of urine runs rampant. You notice a cellar near the end of the alley, you walk towards the cellar and see that a lock is preventing you from entering. Hint: You can now use the key if you have it (use the command "move to 1") If not you are left with no choice but to leave the alley...
You open the cellar and step down the stairs each one creaking quietly. You can hear the noises of the tavern above as you creep quietly throughout the cellar . In the corner on an empty wooden shelf you see a slightly rusty yet ornate dagger (use "pickup dagger") You may now leave the cellar.
You agree to help the resistance, the plan is complex and well thought out. Your task is simple, pose as a server and stand by to slip a poison tablet into the kings wine. The plan is set into action and you enter the waiters quarters along with a few other members of the resistance but it is short lived as you are immediatley questioned and you slip up. The manager looks at you with a skeptical look as he beckons the guards over. You are thrown in jail, your run has ended.
You leave the tavern and make your way to the castle. Once at the castle, you make your way to the king. You are now presented with the option to tell the king of the resistance or to kill the king (must have dagger).
You tell the king of the resistance which will solve the world conflict and teleport you back but you won't save the people from the tyrant. You contracted a illness which leaves you dying, sending you back to the wormhole (UNCOMPLETED QUEST). 
As you step up each stair slowly, the kings castle towers above you. When you reach the top two guards with the kings royal sigil on their sheilds walk towards you. They ask you why you wish to see the king, you tell them you have the resistances plans to assasinate the king. They immediately let you in knowning this was urgent. As you follow the guards through the halls, you can feel the dagger shifting in your pocket. You then walk up one final staircase and enter through an ornate archway into the kings chamber. He beckons you forward, you oblige and walk towards him, guards lining the hall. You begin to feel nervous but decide that it is to late to go back. As you approach the king you slowly reach for the dagger and without hesitation you thrust it into his neck. Around you guards immediately react running towards you with weapons drawn. As you pull the knife out of the kings neck. You feel yourself being pulled backwards into a wormhole and then darkness. (QUEST COMPLETE)
To move forward enter "move to" space then answer to where you want to go using number values. Everything is in order, if you want to go to the first choice enter the value of 1 or the second place enter the value of 2 and so on. An example of this would be - "move to 1". To move back simply enter "move back". To pick up enter "pickup" then what you want to pick up. An example of picking up an object would be - "pickup dagger". These various items will be saved for later.